README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

ui change, metadata added, readme added, test user details added

README.md, after:

# Notes App Assignment
Built the app according to the doc shared on twitter

Live here: https://note-mind.vercel.app

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `pnpm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `pnpm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`      |
| `pnpm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |

## How to setup locally
- Clone the repo
- Install dependencies
- Create .env.local at the root of the project and create following variables:-
    1) NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL
    2) NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY
    3) SITE_URL
    4) MISTRAL_API_KEY

## Features
- Add Notes
- Edit Notes
- Delete Notes
- Mark Notes as completed
- AI summarization of the note
- Email and Google Auth 
- Custom SMTP server exhausted so, use below test user credentials

## Test User Credentials
- Test user email: codebysidd@gmail.com
- Test user password: 123456
- Click on Login Button
